Update README.md (#8197)
laurent22/joplin: README.md

<pre><code style="word-break: break-all">wget -O - https://raw.githubusercontent.com/laurent22/joplin/dev/Joplin_install_and_update.sh | bash</code></pre>

> The install and update script supports the [following flags](https://github.com/laurent22/joplin/blob/215434bb4f9c1033e217e4d5c5a04d077cf9bb18/Joplin_install_and_update.sh#L48).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The install and update script supports the [following flags](https://github.com/laurent22/joplin/blob/dev/Joplin_install_and_update.sh#L50) (around line 50 at the time of this writing).
```

Please do not use a specific commit (permalink), otherwise we run into the same problem again.
